.. include:: _preamble.rst

Version 0.3.0
=============
With this version we start a change log.
We will follow the way scikit-learn does it by having a whats_new folder in the docs and a changelog file for each minor (X.Y) version.
This document will be required to be updated with every pull request.
For this release we will mostly use the PR descriptions, but in the future better descriptions will be required.

New contributions should be prepended to the appropriate version's file.

**Changelog**

- |Maintenance| Fixed the issues that made Jenkins CI runs fail. :pr:`810` by :user:`Joakim Anden <janden>`

- |Documentation| Remove warning from sklearn example.  :pr:`828`

- |Fix| Removed redundant default value for alpha. :pr:`814`

- |Maintenance| remove ``size_scattering`` kwarg from ``scattering1d`` :pr:`837`

- |Documentation| updated contributing guidelines :pr:`813`

- |Maintenance| decouple ``scattering_filter_factory`` from ``ScatteringBase1D.build`` :pr:`842`

- |Maintenance| simplify ``compute_params_filterbank``, remove ``_move_one_dyadic_step`` :pr:`848`

- |Maintenance| remove ``calibrate_scattering_filters`` :pr:`850`

- |Maintenance| Simplify ``filter_bank.py`` :pr:`833`

- |Maintenance| avoid passing log2_T, pad, unpad to 1D core :pr:`860`

- |Maintenance| Remove vectorize + write frontend-agnostic runtime checks :pr:`861`

- |Maintenance| Remove ``out_type`` from 1D core, perform formatting in the frontends :pr:`862`

- |Documentation| fixing example, now import TorchBackend3D to utilize compute_integrals :pr:`829`

- |Maintenance| removed useless apply function :pr:`830`

- |Documentation| Use tight_layout to prevent plot axes from overlapping one another :pr:`827`

- |Documentation| fix reconstruct_torch.py example by calling detach :pr:`826`

- |Maintenance| Make ``Scattering1D`` compatible with TF>=2.5 :pr:`882`

- |API| precompute_size_scattering now returns a tuple :pr:`878`

- |Maintenance| HarmonicScattering3D now outputs real coefficients in Numpy.  :pr:`889`

- |Maintenance| make NumPy the default frontend :pr:`890`

- |Maintenance|, STY Various ASV maintenance, style changes.  :pr:`845`

- |Feature| Make ``Q2`` customizable :pr:`854`

- |Maintenance| deprecate ``self.N`` and ``self.J_pad`` in 1D :pr:`863`

- |Maintenance| make ``Scattering2D`` compatible with TF>=2.5 :pr:`883`

- |Maintenance| move core 1D asserts to ``_check_filterbanks`` in ``ScatteringBase`` :pr:`876`

- |Maintenance| check ``oversampling`` in 1D :pr:`887`

- |Maintenance| Deprecate ``self.N`` in 2D :pr:`886`

- |Fix| examples/plot_filters.py :pr:`815`

- |Test| add summary call to keras 1d and 2d tests.  :pr:`888`

- |Documentation| Enable ``.to(device)``` semantics for pytorch examples :pr:`874`

- |Maintenance| redefine cdgmm3d to call cdgmm in torch skcuda backend :pr:`865`

- |Documentation| changes to documentation of output shapes :pr:`820`

- |Test| Add seed to 2D FFT test in TF :pr:`896`

- |Maintenance| update GitHub workflows :pr:`892`

- |Enhancement| Jax backend :pr:`757`

- |Fix| Update examples/1d/plot_filters.py :pr:`899`

- |Fix| include 'n' field in 1D/2D list + remove singleton dimension in 1D dict :pr:`900`

- |Maintenance| deprecate ``average`` in ``Scattering1D`` :pr:`897`

- |Documentation| document N and J in scattering_filter_factory :pr:`901`


